This is a head gum original.
Thank you to Bird Dogs for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Sorry, I'm a little down in the dumps because I was
ousted as host from the head gum podcast, but I can't
speak highly enough of Bird Dogs.
Bird Dogs have completely changed the game.
Bird Dogs sent me some shorts along with a free
eddy tumbler, and I've been using both increasingly as the
weather starts to get hotter and Los Angeles.
They make an unbelievable product.
Bird Dogs, shorts, pants and joggers are made from the
finest high-quality material and come with
built-in liners that cradle your stovepipe for all day
come for it.
And oh boy, do they?
I've never felt so much support from a short.
And who the fuck likes being uncomfortable, right?
If you're not wearing bird dogs this summer, you probably
poop with your pants on, which is honestly disgusting.
So don't don't shit yourself.
Get bird dogs.
It's time to upgrade to the shorts and pants of the future.
Your balls will thank you.
I promise my balls have been thanking me.
Every time it's been over 80 degrees and I've worn bird dogs
here in California.
So go to birddogs.com and enter promo code.
What's that?
Sorry, again, it's just kind of hard to say that because
so many memories.
Hosting the show.
Now I've been shit canned.
Go to birddogs.com and enter promo code.
What's that?
Throwing a free bird dog's Yeti Tumblr.
They found Yeti's $90 Tumblr.
It's an amazing product.
It keeps things cold and warm, et cetera.
They copied it.
And now bird dogs is giving it to you for free.
So again, birddogs.com, pro bon code.
What's that?
And boom.
A free bird dog's Tumblr with your pair of bird dogs.
You will not take these off.
I promise you.
All right.
They're unbelievable.
Just do yourself a favor.
Get some bird dogs.
Thanks bird dogs.
Right.
Hundred episodes in the bag, man.
This is unbelievable that we've made it this far.
I mean, if the celebration calls for it.
Noon on a Friday.
Hundred episodes in the bag.
Hundred episodes in a half.
Two hundred more.
You had to clean that up.
What's that?
That will be a water stain in like 30 seconds.
Really?
Yeah.
Cut table is covered in liquid.
This is crazy.
And it wreaks like booze.
I'm not going to apologize for being celebratory.
Not asking you to apologize.
I'm just saying the fact.
It will be awesome.
Can I also say that I couldn't see anything that Jeff is doing on the table.
I could only see really his torso.
And I honestly, I honestly assumed that he got like champagne flutes and stuff.
And then when he pulled back and revealed the old head gum logo.
Mason jar.
I was really upset.
I was, I was not happy about it.
He went.
That was easy.
Not amongst yourselves.
That's not true.
Four.
Spills booze.
This is good.
Now he can't hear us slander him.
Right.
I wish I could see anyone else besides a mirror.
Weird sunglasses.
Plad, Modress, sure.
Look.
But.
Yes.
That's.
You can see us through just laptop, which is just facing me and Jeff.
Yeah.
It's mostly a cactus right now.
A little bit of mirror.
Well, this is a support my brother in some glasses.
I'm wearing shades too, Marika.
Just so you know.
That's good to know.
Yeah.
It's difficult.
Jesus.
Can you imagine.
It's not only imagine what camera too.
It's on.
Now it's filling on the carpet.
It's such a non-absorbent paper towel.
He was just sort of.
Shuffling.
Yeah.
Like I get like tolerating him in the conversational realm.
But when he starts just treashing your furniture.
Also, can you see the discrepancy and like amount of champagne.
Pored.
Yeah.
One of the.
One of the mason jars is filled to the brim.
The other two are like at 20 and 30 percent.
Here's one.
So here's mine, which is like, I wouldn't even drink this much out of juice.
Let alone champagne at 12 to 11 p.m.
Yeah.
Obviously.
And then this is Billy's.
Oddly a different shade of yellow.
I don't know how that works out.
Just Jeff is on one knee.
He's on bending knee.
Pushing.
Now let's go.
I'll put off the table.
Push it into his hot little.
Maybe he should just drink it off of the table.
Oh, that's cool.
He slurps it up.
That's probably faster to be honest.
Yeah, slurp up the liquid from a table.
He was kind of like rushing us along to get this podcast started because he has four
segments.
He really wants to get through the first five minutes of this podcast has been him cleaning
up his mess.
And we'll say, though, we're close to enjoying being a hundred minutes long.
So keep that in mind.
Yeah.
I don't have time for that.
But like that sounds like a good.
Let me help you out of here.
Otherwise, it would have been a good.
Don't restart the music.
Like, I mean, yeah, I have a little cry.
Not as exciting.
You also could have like posted me a ball of champagne or something.
I had the champagne idea as I walked into work.
Yeah.
I'm not surprised.
I was also wasn't going to draw.
Also, you guys could have fucking dressed up.
I am.
What's that?
I am a little bit dressed up.
Sunglasses?
No, the button of shirt.
Sunglasses.
I don't need it.
Oh, we don't with the sunglasses.
Yeah, I think so.
Okay.
They might come back.
I just I put a lot of sweat equity into this show.
And I think that the by virtue of how I'm dressed.
It shows.
And you guys are looking a little shallubby, especially Marika.
We started recording it new and you text me at 1143.
Said Jake can't make it.
Can you be his backup in here, I am.
All right.
I'll give Billy a pass.
But you know what?
What's your excuse?
Yes.
I'm dressed a little nice.
Like I usually wear shorts in a tea.
Yeah.
This is like a button up.
And you could have worn a tocks for me.
That was the last time you wore a suit for the show.
Jeff, you were sitting in a closet.
So let's not go there, you know.
It's it's a great to be back here.
It's good to have you back.
I'm not hungry.
So it's my congratulations.
No, and thank you.
And it is like I don't want to treat it with too much gravity.
Gravity because you know, at the end of the day, it's just a show.
But um.
This is one of the most special days of my life.
Why?
They said we couldn't do it.
Who?
They said I had a medically fascinating body.
My doctor, my GP.
All right.
Did he also say the thing about the podcast or those are two different people?
Those are like the first one is basically everybody.
The second one is specifically my GP.
He said I have a fat ass and toothpick ankles.
We know.
Yes, but this is from a fucking envy.
Fascinated.
We're not broken up with by my therapist.
What does that mean?
She said I wasn't making progress.
That's like a son.
There shouldn't be a reason for her to don't be.
Yeah, isn't that like it's good for her business.
You want to see someone who's not making progress.
Damn, Daniel.
I.
This day is too much weight on it emotionally for me because.
Therapistless.
Doctorless.
Wait, the doctor who said you have a fat ass and toothpick legs.
I was used to go back to to somebody who like has his degree on the wall.
You went to tough.
Nice.
So you dropped them.
Yeah, that one I did fire my.
So you have to take some accountability for that one.
Well, I'm just saying now I've defined somebody else.
I don't have the ability for sure in my actions, but emotionally I'm wrecked.
So if this show doesn't bring me back from the dead emotionally speaking,
then it was all for not noted.
Not just this record.
The entire fucking thing.
This escapad.
This this fucking oral poison.
Joy's in the sometimes, but usually poison.
I mean, what was it all for?
Unless I'm happy.
Are you happy?
What's that?
Are you.
Currently, it could go either way.
All right, it's a teeter totter where both people are the exact same amount of weight.
Are you a Libra?
No, I'm a such guy.
What's that?
Yes, I'm a Libra.
So you kind of get this balancing act.
Like, I'm getting no empathy from Maria.
I'm getting sympathy maybe from you.
But it's bordering on pity.
Oh my god.
A hundred episodes.
Yeah.
All right.
The third time.
Yeah.
Here's what we're going to start it off with.
Just something normal before we get into the festivities.
Bond of the week.
This week my pick is.
Well.
Me.
And then out to the Beyoncé song.
Of course.
You must not know Jeffrey.
You must not know about me.
I can wear a tocks like nobody's business.
I also know how to handle a gun.
Maybe you must not know about me.
You must not know about me.
I've had a ton of inner course with women.
So don't you ever for a second.
Tell me.
Look at me while you're singing.
I couldn't beat James Bond.
That's not.
Can I ask.
Real question.
Yeah.
I was going to ask what's.
A tocks is a different lapel, right?
Plus.
It's lined with silk.
Yeah.
Or usually the pants have like a.
Interesting stripe or like a.
Whatever that.
Tuxedo felt.
Yeah.
I bet you don't comment on your co-workers outfits.
You literally open the podcast by saying that you could dress up.
This is a disaster, Casey.
What's that?
Yeah.
The train wreck.
It didn't even start on the rails.
So you didn't go with you must not know Jeffrey.
Oh, that's really good.
Gills.
That would have been better.
Also all you're saying was you must not know about me.
You must not know about me.
But you had it written down.
You were reading it off a prompt.
Yeah.
You couldn't memorize the words.
Even though the words this time was the actual words for the song.
Well, I forgot that I knew how to handle a gun.
A gun.
Right.
Silence.
Yeah.
Like James.
Jeffrey James Bond.
That's pretty good.
I'm sure that's been brought up before.
Really?
Probably.
That's a good ending to not only the bond,
but the you must not know about.
And then your James Bond of the week.
Yeah.
Runner.
That's been happening.
It's a hundredth episode.
It feels like a time to reflect.
Yeah.
And that's the perfect segue because we've made it.
And so it seems like all of the bonds that people have suggested over the course of the
hundred episodes.
It'd be nice to maybe go through the list of them.
Do you have that prepared?
Do I have the list of everybody's bonds?
I also.
I also just wanted to share my bond of the week.
Cause I had what I thought was a good idea.
But you really just tried to move on.
Yeah.
Let's hear your bond of the week.
I think the new bond should be Nick Wiger.
Hmm.
Wiger.
Doboy.
I think you do a great job.
I think it'd be fun to see him.
Coverting around.
The world.
Doing spiced stuff.
Yeah.
He has the self confidence for sure.
I think you can pull it off.
What he might lack in Sartorial.
Uh, effort and aesthetic.
He makes up for by being able to suck his own dick.
Which I've always felt like double a seven would have at least tried.
He always said that.
I'm always saying that.
I kind of just like only he can say that about himself by the way.
Like you're just spreading that out.
He said it once on a podcast and now people know it.
But I don't know if you have the green light to just say it.
Yeah.
Spreading that out is interesting because I was also going to lob up.
What if he was the first James Bond to get pegged?
Also Jake is here.
What the fuck?
This is not prepared.
Yeah.
We didn't go.
It was prepared.
It was very hard to set up.
Yeah.
The idea that he can just join in and then we can record it.
That's a huge question mark.
No, I don't think it's fine.
Yeah.
Anything will be fine.
Wait.
So are you fully recording?
Yeah.
Me?
You said you said you couldn't make it.
It was crazy.
And then he said before we started, I might make it for the second half.
And we are in the second half.
I didn't think he was supposed to start recording it.
It's pretty up.
Right?
Should I read it?
No.
It's the first time.
You have to read it.
I'll read it.
He spilled a lot of champagne earlier.
He spent the first 10 minutes of the show.
Yeah.
The first five minutes of the podcast.
It was Jeff Licking up champagne from the table.
Yeah.
I was going to ask what did I miss.
This all sounds.
Yeah.
Part of this course.
Oh.
Great.
I didn't get to do my bond of the week.
Yeah.
It's your bond of the week.
This is what?
I'm here.
It's nice.
That's your bond of the week.
I just watched Dunkirk again recently.
And the little blonde boy from the boat in Dunkirk.
Okay.
Is it Tom Glenn Carney?
Maybe.
Or maybe also the kid that eats shit on the boat.
He could also work.
But he's a little he's more of a bond villain.
Yeah.
And one of them taking a lot here.
This is your show.
Jeff.
This is your day.
I'm just here to say.
You know what it's all about.
Because this show has served.
It's purpose in bringing joy to everyone.
Yeah.
I'm glad that I got to be here for the final episode.
This is awesome.
Oh.
We have cool run.
We haven't done.
We haven't talked to.
You told me before you told Jeff.
Well, I wanted to sort of let everyone know.
Because we were going to do it right after this episode.
And we're going to.
Let's have your right after the episode.
I don't want to say anything.
But let's make this episode a good one.
Here here.
I agree.
This will take this one a good one.
That's wow.
That is the guy.
Yes.
Great.
That's correct.
I love him.
He's great.
He's great in the fair.
He was great in the fair.
Amen.
A play that I told the mirror to see.
And then he didn't.
Did you take this show away from me?
No.
Take me away from you.
Jeff has so many segments.
And we have a sniffed one.
Yeah.
We're talking about Dunkirk.
Little blonde boys that hit.
Jeff is sitting here silently.
The line.
Don't you impressed at how fast I got that three word name from Little
Blonde boy on the phone.
Yeah.
I'm just saying.
I just want blonde boy and all of it done.
I am simply one guy.
It could be.
It's an actor.
But it was really good.
It's fresh.
I am.
Because I saw it yesterday.
Sorry, Jeff.
I'm talking about Dunkirk.
You killed the show you killed me.
Yes.
Kill the show.
You killed me.
That was.
That is the intention.
If you kill me.
I survived without the show.
He's hurting me.
Billy.
Billy, that was something.
Got hit.
Give it a bottle.
That's funny.
No, let's.
Let's continue.
I guess with whatever you guys were saying.
And then we'll wrap it up.
No, we're done.
All right.
Great.
Kirk.
Nice.
We do actually have a lot to get to.
This is perfect though.
Do we even have time to talk about formula one?
Let's save it for the end because also not really likes formula one.
But I save it for the end.
Yeah, that could be our plugs kind of.
Yeah.
Okay.
We'll do that.
Which means that we have to talk about the past 100 episodes.
A retrospective of sorts.
What is your guys' favorite episode you've ever been on of the show?
And if you don't have one prepared, the longer the silence goes on, the more hurt.
The head gaskers.
The head gaskers were good.
Yeah.
They was missed in the midst of the pandemic.
And everyone was really sad.
You asked me to hop on your podcast, your video podcast.
And I opened up my screen.
And Jeff was wearing a robe.
And he looked like the bad guy.
Or good guy.
I've never seen the movie from Despicable Me.
Yeah.
So very like Pac-Man.
And he was sweating in a closet.
And I was like for the first time in months.
I'm happy.
So what is worse than me?
Yeah.
I think my favorite episode is the one where a mirror saying the Amma's be a song.
Did you see the Amma's be wordled that I sent sort of popped it into H cube?
Yeah, I saw it.
Well, no one was supposed to spell it wrong.
You spelled it incorrectly.
Yeah.
Amma's be with an E.
At the end because the E was sort of baked.
Yeah.
What was that song?
Can you remember how it went?
Um, it was the wire uniting.
Why are you not eating rice?
But I don't remember how it started.
I'm sure you have it prepared, right?
So you could click that.
It's in that great compilation that someone started making.
Yeah.
Um.
Of all the songs.
You don't actually have to search for it.
It'll take a little bit, right?
Because we have a bunch to.
You said you had to.
You killed a cell.
You killed me, right?
Okay.
So my name's say my name.
When no one is an arms be say it.
Baby I'll eat rice.
Why are you not eating rice?
I'm on Instagram.
That was so funny.
I'm on it.
Baby why are you not eating rice?
You have two voice friends.
Okay.
I think they're both Beyonce songs, right?
Mm-hmm.
One, Destiny's Triad.
I don't think it's Triad.
Jake?
Come here.
There was one episode that I recorded with Jake in his office right where Jake is sitting.
It was me, Jake.
Your friend who's never been on the show before or since.
And you.
Do you remember that?
Lisa, that was a good one.
Why was that a good one to you?
That was just a memorable podcast episode to me, because it seemed to have just come and gone
lost forever.
Nobody thinks about that episode, nobody references that episode.
But it was special to me, because Jake and I were recording together in New York.
And that is the only time that happened.
And it's exactly where Jake is sitting right now.
That's kind of a key.
That's a key.
That's meaningful.
Yeah.
Who was that friend of yours?
What was his name again?
Do you remember that?
You don't remember.
I don't remember.
Yeah.
I'm a writer on like Nickelodeon or something.
Jeff was clearly networking.
That was the podcast.
Yeah.
Marcos.
Shout out Marcos.
Yeah.
That was awesome.
Also like the one where you made us read scripts with Zach Dunruth.
That was Zach Dunruth.
Yeah.
And we were giving notes on it.
That was laugh.
Sometimes when I don't know if I was on the episode, or if I just listen, like I don't
know if I was on this script, Zach Dunruth.
I think I wouldn't.
But it was John.
I mean, I'm your in Zach.
Yeah.
That's what I think you are.
I just listened to it.
But everyone in sense of humor is like so in line with mine that it feels like I was there
and it happened.
Mine is, my, oh, OK, I was going to say my favorite.
I was going to talk about one of my favorite memories.
But that's fine.
Yeah.
We're going to cut this part.
No, it's fine.
No.
That wasn't an interstitial.
That was truly just like, let's keep it up.
Let's keep the energy up of 100 episodes.
That was bad.
It was a bad choice.
It wasn't even an interstitial.
You just kind of played it to your own segment energy with it was it was like the
equivalent of a yon, just where you just like drop a big sound in the middle of someone
else's.
There it is.
Yeah.
It was the, I like the, the power hour, the power hour.
That was a lot of fun to record.
Was that also, I don't think in a person episode of like, you know, aside from the one
that made a mirror had like the first in, oh, no, it's like the first in person video
episode, right?
Yeah.
I think so.
Um, amazing.
My favorite is the audit.
The out entire series.
Hmm.
And I glad we made up.
That's awesome, dude.
Wow.
What?
It's a fucking breath.
That was a lot of fun.
We have one thing to break.
We have to take a fucking breath.
Thanks and fast.
See, you guys so much worse.
Just than that.
Who talk.
This podcast is sponsored by better.
Up online therapy.
People don't always realize that physical symptoms like headaches, teeth grinding, and even
digestive issues can be indicators of stress and let's not forget about doom scrolling, sleeping
too little, sleeping too much, under eating, overeating, et cetera, et cetera.
I'm feeling pretty stressful since we recorded our 100th episode, our last episode really, so
yeah, it's been, it's been hard, stress shows up in all kinds of ways and in a world
that's telling you to do more, sleep less and grind all the time, here's your reminder
to take care of yourself, do less and maybe try some therapy, therapies have been great
for me, I highly recommend it to everybody, especially if you're going through something
like I am right now, I'm really looking forward to my session on Thursday, better help
is customized online therapy that offers video phone or even live chat sessions with your
therapist, so you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to, it's much
more affordable than in person therapy, so give it a try and see if online therapy can
help lower your stress.
This podcast is sponsored by better help and the podcast, sorry, just listeners of the
headgon podcast, get 10% off the first month at betterhelp.com slash, what's that?
Again, that's better help, BETT-ER, H-E-L-P dot com slash, what's that?
Thanks, better help.
Thank you to Athletic Greens for sponsoring this episode, guys, I literally use this
product every day, I'm so sad that the, that the show's over because I was really enjoying
the, yeah, Athletic Greens products that they sent, I will wake up, have some water,
you know, cleanse that pallet and then I'll have my AG1 to just, you know, start the day
with a lot of energy and focus.
So what is this stuff?
Well, with one delicious scoop of Athletic Greens, you're absorbing 75 high quality vitamins,
minerals, whole foods or superfoods, probiotics and adaptogens to help start your day
right.
This special blend of ingredients supports your gut health, your nervous system, your immune
system, your energy, recovery, focus and aging, all the things.
I think it tastes great, I think it tastes like bubble gum in a way, but again, there's
no artificial anything.
It's lifestyle, friendly.
So whether you keto, paleo, vegan, dairy, free, or gluten free, it's all good, it's all
for you, contains less than one gram of sugar, no GMOs, no nasty chemicals or artificial,
anything wants to taste and good, and it supports better sleep quality, recovery, mental
clarity and alertness.
It's also the one thing with the best things, Athletic Greens use the best of the best
products based on the latest science with constant product generations and third-party testing.
Maybe this show would have been more successful if I, I don't know if I'd listened to other
people's advice and maybe done some third-party testing like Athletic Greens cost less than
$3 a day and you're investing in your health and it's cheaper than your cold brew habit.
It's also cheaper than getting all these different supplements yourself, which I use to
do and now I get it all from Athletic Greens and you're basically investing in an all-in-one
nutritional insurance.
So right now it's time to reclaim your health and our mirror immune system with convenient
daily nutrition.
It's just one scoop and a cup of water every day.
That's it, no need for a million different pills and supplements to look out for your
health.
And to make it easy, Athletic Greens is going to give you a free one-year supply of immune
supporting vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first purchase.
All you have to do is visit Athletic Greens, that's all right, just, that's all right.
It's hard to read these words, knowing the show is over.
All you have to do is visit Athletic Greens.com slash what's that?
Again, that's Athletic Greens.com slash what's that to take ownership over your health
and pick up the ultimate daily nutritional insurance.
And we're back, all right, episode 100.
This is what I did, all right.
I emailed all previous guests on the show, present company included and I was like, we made
it.
So it's thank you all for being a part of it and however big or small way you have been.
And if you wanted, this was an idea I got from no joke, which you guys did for 200, which
was just sending a congratulated Tory message or any message really being like wishing
as well, good luck on the next 100 episodes.
So I thought we could listen to some messages that are pre-recorded from past guests.
What do you guys think?
Sounds like a great idea.
I made up.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's start with, uh, Avital Ash.
Oh, nice.
So you did it.
My lover.
Now you got 200 episodes and I can't think of anyone less deserving, um, congratulations.
I guess, this is bad.
So many more people deserve to have made it this far and you are not one of them.
Why did you get to here?
This is crazy.
This isn't even good.
I don't know.
And you run it for some reason and people listen to it, I guess, which is insane.
That's the craziest part of all.
Um, I think 100 is a good time to stop.
I think you should probably stop now.
This is Avital, by the way.
All right, um, happy, uh, 100th episode in retirement.
Hopefully, fingers crossed.
Not hopefully.
I love you.
Yeah.
Can you fire Jeffrey?
We felt that before the, um, 100th, but I think it's, yeah, it happens soon.
I think it's a good, it's a bad time.
Oh, you're a good.
That was really beautiful.
That was touching.
No, wasn't.
I like the question.
Why did you get to here?
Sort of an existential.
She proud of some good points.
What good points?
I feel like that was, that wasn't fair.
I took issue with one thing that she said,
because she said, and you run it.
And I was like, no, he doesn't.
I feel like that's what you take issue with.
I feel like maybe, yeah, I think it's mostly my run 24 by what would I even do.
Kind of like, yeah, how many voice messages do you have?
I've 17 more, 17, but there's, there's no way they're all that angry.
So I guess let's keep it going with our, in house video producer, KC Donna here.
Hey Jeff, it's KC, the head gum video producer.
I just want to leave you a little message for the 100th episode of the head gum podcast.
You didn't tell me you wanted to shoot in the studio this week.
You've actually never told me when you want to shoot in the studio.
And it's been driving me crazy, you know, this isn't a playground.
This isn't Jeff's fun house, this is a professional studio.
You can't just come and go whenever you please.
We've got a schedule, we've got shows, we've got a shoot.
And your show is literally the lowest priority of them all.
You have no respect for me, you have no respect for Ania.
You know, Ania and I spent months wiring the studio for sight and sound.
And I'm willing to bet 100 bucks that you're going to show up with your own zoom recorder,
because I guess we didn't do a good enough job for you.
You're going to stick it right in the middle of the set,
and you're going to have the wires going all over the place.
It's going to look like amateur hour as usual.
And I'm going to be sick to my stomach when we upload another episode of the headgump podcast.
Clearly, I can't trust you, so I'll be in the studio for the record.
And that's honestly mostly just to make sure that you don't break any of the extremely
expensive equipment that we have in there.
You're an embarrassment to the company, you're the main of my existence.
Jake and Amir only let you do the show because they feel bad for you.
And I hope you quit.
So, yeah, I just wanted to call, let you know that you have to tell me
when you want to use the space.
Okay? I'm absolutely sick of this bullshit.
All right, man, that's it. Take care.
I'm here. Take care.
You said, that was nice. That was a nice way to sign off. Take care.
I like that. It was pleasant.
Yeah, but it doesn't undo any space in the 90 seconds before.
But you want to start with a compliment, end of the compliment.
Sam, you really, you really did it. You did it.
Well, I wasn't like there was a great point.
Especially every, I was a little bit sick to my stomach as well.
When I had to upload, I had to come podcast where all of the chords were unplugged
and the zoom was on the table.
And I did, I did complain to them. So, that ranked true.
Cool. Jeff has five guests.
But we can go on to the next one.
We're all going to be sitting in silence for the next half hour.
He has a record number of guests.
And this whole episode is about to be audio cues.
Seven, four, 16 more.
16 times one to two minutes.
That's the next 35 minutes. We've already recorded like 12.
That puts us at 47.
He's going to say wax. So, that's another eight minutes.
We're a wax.
We're waxed. We're waxed.
Max on wax.
All I said was sending a message congratulating us on 100 episodes or whatever you want to say.
You've still got 17. That's pretty good to receive that much feedback.
It's nice whether it's constructive or not.
Yeah. I mean, God, if I sent out a mass email and got 17 responses,
I feel pretty damn special.
Yeah. Definitely. Definitely.
Thanks, guys.
I, uh, that makes me feel better.
It makes me feel...
A little bit more optimistic about the effect.
Yeah, let's play the next one.
That's the end of the next one.
I'm going to go with a close personal friend of mine.
All right. I'm going to go with George Sava.
He sent in a two-parter.
Oh, God.
He's got to be...
That is not a little bit the product.
Yes, needs right now.
Hey, Jeffrey. It's your friend George Sava.
Congratulations on 100 episodes.
I don't really feel like being mean to you. I'm actually quite proud that
you guys show us made it this far.
So, I have sourced a message from someone who could perhaps do equal damage
your ex-girlfriend to Ellen.
There's no way.
Hi. I'm Ellen.
I'm from Cleveland, Ohio and I dated Jeffrey in high school when I was 15.
Oh my God.
Now I live in New York and I'm a marketing coordinator.
And I have an amazing boyfriend.
I'm at my boyfriend in college.
He was a senior and I was in school here.
So, I made the first move and then we've been dating for like two years now.
I knew I loved my boyfriend.
Honestly, I think after our first date,
I had like a really big crush on him for the longest time and we had been friends.
So, we finally had like that for five minutes alone.
Yeah.
He's gonna stick for a while.
First date, he took...
I think we don't have to go through all of it.
Perfect place.
Let me know how you guys think we get it.
We used to like walk my dog out all the time.
We get it.
Um, and he brought a picnic blanket and wine.
I can do a picnic.
Like, it's a good joke.
No one's saying it's not a good joke.
It's just that we've together.
He painted a picture of us and it was just...
I can paint.
Like, I could do this.
My boyfriend, how?
I don't know if he can paint.
And only by far, the best boyfriend I've ever had.
I feel like...
No way.
Awesome.
And it was all kind of like high school flings or like silly little.
Or than that.
Like, serious moments kind of me just thought,
really?
For a young.
You were young.
So, yeah.
I think I'm the happiest I've ever been.
I think, I love my sister.
Like, special thing about my boyfriend is how...
How many women curious?
What's the run time on this track?
This is another four minutes.
I'm curious.
Conversely, there are debates just because he has like the most,
like, open mind to ever.
It is always a different avenue than it's just...
Asked me anything controversial.
Really nice to talk to.
It's stupid, but he actually has the cutest cheeks in the world.
They're like...
Catch my cheek.
Hinch my cheeks.
Be the one.
Of course, they're five.
They're five.
So, they're five.
Jake, do something.
I love my sister.
I can barely even hear you over the boy friend's door out.
Yeah.
He's very like bold and confident.
Hit stop.
I'm begging you now.
Champion bro.
But you're not confident.
But because the author wants to tell us...
I say, she means like face cheeks, right?
Yeah.
And he realized that this is an inner bias.
I'm showing you my last artist.
Yeah.
I've ever met.
I'm my favorite memory with my boyfriend.
Was probably when I recently moved to New York.
And when I was moving from Ohio to New York,
he helped move into my apartment.
And I was like alone for a week or two.
And she likes to leave with me.
It's nothing to do with the show.
It's for her apartment.
Fine.
That's not being the god dog.
I have a job with that.
When you cut that off.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
It was still really early.
I saw the timeline move.
We were at that was, yeah.
40 mil and a mile.
Ellen, that was a couple more than any of the guests.
So, this is turning into a fucking public stoning of me.
Yeah.
Right?
What's this?
Diet smoke.
Where are you?
What's that?
Diet smoke.
It's basically Delta 8 THC gumming.
So it's like that fucking perfect.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited for the ad break.
All right, here we go.
This is going to be from Johnny Villa.
Oh, it's a Jeffrey.
I wanted to record a message for the hundredth episode.
But every time I tried something, just didn't feel right.
And I couldn't display my emotions to the fullest extent.
I know it's coming.
You deserve more than that.
So what I did was pay a voice actor to record exactly what I wanted to say.
Oh.
Take it away, Mr. Ben Kroger.
Do you believe that podcasts are great to expand the mind and teach us about other people?
Wow.
You're an idiot.
Welcome to the headgum podcast.
This is good.
We should run never get back.
Yeah, honestly.
Suck it, other podcasts.
It's a show that has listeners even though the host sucks.
And I mean sucks.
Think about the worst person you know.
You know he's worse.
Segments are under prepare.
The worst soundboard you've ever heard.
Are you lying?
And he measured the loud of dead air.
And it's all Jeffrey times his fault.
On part.
Yeah, it's not that much.
Oh, Jeffrey James is fault.
It's all Jeffrey James is fault.
Jeffrey James is all Jeffrey James.
Jeffrey James is fault.
It's all Jeffrey James is fault.
Of course.
Jeffrey James is not a man.
Jeffrey James is fault.
Take him up.
So take him up, but it's not bad to you.
So it act like there's staple to your head.
It was.
I might, I might contact Johnny to see if we can run that as an ad.
Sure, sure.
Maybe I should definitely try.
We should really try it.
That he's so fun.
I'm down to put $50,000 behind
airing that on the biggest, most important podcast of Jeffrey and his friends live.
So they all sort of hear how bad he is.
Yeah, maybe like armchair expert or something.
You look shell shocked.
Is everything okay?
Everybody wanted to add conversation to Jeff is still maintaining this.
I just had a crazy.
It's not supposed to happen.
We're supposed to fucking make me feel happy.
Well, because they do it in next one will be really nice.
What's that?
Maybe the next one will be really nice.
Okay, and speaking of nice, let's go with Shelby Wolfstein, who just was on the nice episode.
Hey, Jeff, kind of an awkward call.
I just got out of the therapy appointment.
And I thought maybe I should give you a courtesy call.
I was talking to my therapist.
She said, you know, I was making a lot of progress in the past month or so.
She's really seen a pretty steep decline in me, mentally and emotionally.
And in a lot of ways, physically.
And she, we were talking about it for a while.
We were trying to get to the bottom of it.
And ultimately what we came down to was I've guessed it on your pod.
Like three times in the past month or so.
And we're thinking that might be a reason for my sort of distress emotionally.
Emotional distress legally.
That is what we are going to call it in the lawsuit.
So she's suing you.
Again, this is a emotional call address.
I, you know, you're getting served.
I don't want it to come to this, but we were talking and it's just like,
I'm going to have to start going, you know, two a days with her.
There's getting back on track.
And if I'm going to afford that, I need, I need to go through with this.
It's been really awful knowing you.
But I hope you lose in court.
That's not a butt.
That's the wrong conjunction.
She's suing you.
Yeah, that's that.
She's suing you, basically.
There's no way the other ones are nice.
Last two really hurt your feelings.
It's like, there's only 12 more, right?
Yeah, let's go.
Kind of crazed.
Let's see what you brought to the table.
I'm your sentiment.
Me, that's kind of nice.
Yeah.
A, A, I mean, you will think of you.
It's not, it's not hiring guard men.
Yeah, I don't know.
I've sort of said it all, and yet I feel like I haven't said enough.
In a weird way, you, you, you're not it.
You're basically not the the right person to do this podcast, but also probably
anything else.
Like, I can't imagine a task or responsibility where you'd be in the top
three of what I'd consider even just like not like exceeding expectations, but
a competent, comfortable zone.
Like, you're not to say you're not good at anything to sort of
underselling how below average you are at, literally anything.
But, but congrats on doing it 100 times.
It's in here, obviously.
Thank you.
That was nice.
You ended on a nice, very, very, very appreciate that.
I really appreciate that.
That was, thank you.
I appreciate, yeah.
You're welcome.
You know, it's, it's just kind of funny because like,
to work with such amazing comedians to me is like, yeah,
it's a dream come true really on a certain, in a certain shade.
And sort of here, you say something like that to me.
Means, yeah.
You know, it means, you know, it is Earth Day.
It means the world.
Both that.
Also, today's my half-birthday.
Wow.
Today's my wife's birthday.
Happy birthday, Joe.
There's a lot of things happening, but let's kind of focus on what's in the room.
Yeah.
That was weird.
Right, here.
Oh, Andrew Pile, all the way from
Hudson Valley.
Hey Jeff, it's Pile.
Look, I keep getting alerts about your head
going to email address.
Your mailbox is filling up.
When in that today, you know,
look, he describes a lot of crypto news letters.
I feel like maybe just read some of those.
Run subscribe or something or delete them after you read them.
But also, you got to respond to your doctor, man.
They've been reaching out for months.
And it seems pretty serious.
So, give them a call or email.
I did.
And they said that I had a fucking fat ass.
So, you have some of my degenerative mental illness.
I think.
Well, you know what, this tool isn't helping.
You said that they just said you had a fat ass and thin legs.
There's no way to email you multiple times for that.
I don't know, Pile could do that.
Go into your email.
Did you know that?
No, he has the back leg in you.
Yeah.
He's our CTO.
Billy, present company.
What's up?
What's up, Jeff?
Headgun podcast listeners.
This is Billy Scafiri.
Just wanted to give you a peek behind the curtain.
Real quick.
Jeff has been emailing the previous guests of the headgun podcast for a while now, with the specific
intent to leave him a quote-unquote vitriolic message to him and presumably the guest.
I'm going to read to you now the second email, Jeff sent, and note the extra excitement
in receiving the vitriol.
Hey, y'all, exclamation point.
Wanted to ping this message, ping.
To see if we can get a couple more, more vitriolic messages for headgun podcasts 100th episode
by this Friday, April 22nd.
Jeffrey James emailed previous guests of his podcast, asking for insults with a deadline.
If you have some time to record a voice memo of libel, that would be amazing.
Cheers.
Thanks, Jeff.
Thanks listeners of the headgun podcast.
This is Billy Scafiri.
Trying to provide as much Jeff truth as I can.
Here's to many more pal, congrats on 100th.
Oh, that was nice, too.
Yeah, Ferris cut it out.
Why?
Because it lives the mail.
Dude.
We know the mail.
We absolutely get out of the sausages made.
Speaking of Ferris.
Jeff, Ferris here.
There it is.
100 episodes.
Oh, wow.
Wow.
What should I say?
That's, let me go.
100 episodes.
He's a control.
100 weeks of a short film post in prison.
I'm doing.
For the past two years, this show has been a cafeteria tray of poison.
Slid under my cell door every single week for me to swallow down, along with my pride,
that helps smuggle you onto listening platforms, like a Trojan horse.
Dan, Daniel.
You think that was easy?
That wasn't easy.
It just seems like every episode all to become a known accomplice to this for lack of a better term,
weekly podcast.
I'm blacklisted by the entertainment industry for this.
And I deserve it.
Your reversible damage has been done to good people.
And I sat by and let it happen.
Also, measure, healer.
Turn down the gain on your mic so that this isn't the raw material I'm left to work with.
You mega phone.
And also, healer.
Stockholm syndrome is real.
I love you, buddy.
Happy 100 episodes.
Get it started and ha!
Well, it's pretty cool, right?
He should have looked at the show.
It was pretty good.
Yeah.
It's never heard that hurled as an insult.
It's clever because you do often peak.
Thank you.
Now, I mean, like, you're too close to the microphone.
It's hard to record it.
Let's hear from a friend of the show, John George, former intern.
Good friend of mine.
Hello, had gum crudas former, had gum intern.
John George here to congratulate you guys on 100 episodes of the head gum podcast.
I mean, how did you guys do it?
Right?
Seriously, how are you doing?
A lot of work.
I keep this podcast at flow.
With a toxic, awful man as your host.
Jeffrey James.
This guy is terrible awful.
And I know you're in the room, Jeff.
You're bad.
You're just bad in general.
I'm not even going to call you bad host.
You're just a bad person.
You're over there celebrating 100 episodes of this podcast.
What a milestone, right?
Well, guess what?
Me and my therapist just celebrated a milestone, too.
100 times I've had to go to therapy because of the time
God been on this podcast.
Comment.
Jeff.
Don't surprise over that.
I don't like this news.
Yeah.
Because we talked about this.
Over messages, over coffee.
We've talked many times about how I did not like being on the podcast.
How you traumatized me.
And guess what?
You're attained none of it.
You're seeing the apologetic in the moment.
You're attained absolutely none of it.
It has come down to this.
This is what my therapist has recommended me.
Do.
Come on this podcast.
Tell you off in front of your coworkers.
And maybe it'll help my mental health.
But maybe it'll also help yours.
Maybe it'll make you better person.
Even though I told my therapist, there's no way that happens.
I can literally not imagine a world where Jeff is a better person.
Ever.
Even a little bit better.
I can't imagine that.
I can try.
Anyways.
Congratulations to everyone that had a gun but Jeff for all the hard work on this podcast.
Because I know that put a million times more work into it.
And Jeff with his silly sounds.
That's all he does.
He has a soundboard.
That's it.
Congrats, man.
I can go find a soundboard on the internet too.
I can find funny sounds on YouTube, man.
Thanks.
Wow.
Good job.
Congrats, everybody.
But Jeff, of course.
I have to reiterate.
Not you, Jeff.
No.
Yeah.
Congratulations.
Obviously to Marie.
Yeah.
Wow.
I appreciate it.
Do you remember the first episode of Marieco?
Was it like this?
Or was it totally different?
It was like all of us just chatting.
It was like a cocktail hour.
Back then.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Who was on it?
Let's take a break.
I can't actually tell you.
Because you've been playing voice meals for the last.
What feels like having children.
Or even it's Jake.
Let's have a chat in four minutes.
Yeah.
That's what Billy uses.
We have, we have five more to get to.
But we'll take a break.
Okay.
Just more.
Five more.
It's.
Am I that bad?
So we are two people.
I feel like we're going to talk about something.
I don't want to talk about you personally.
Let's talk about.
Yeah.
So we are two people.
Sadly.
Let's talk about.
Sorry.
Two of the nine people have mentioned their therapist.
If I set the line.
The over under two and a half people.
I'll mention their therapist.
We'll be bet the over or the on.
So we'll one more person mentioned therapy.
Probably over.
Yeah.
I think over.
I'll fade the public go under no more therapy references going forward.
Now we have something to sort of look forward to.
There you go.
As we play the next.
I guess that makes it interesting for you and Billy.
But what am I supposed to do?
Well, you can also bet.
Yeah.
Over two and a half.
I'm going to keep on checking my email.
And that's okay.
All right.
This comes in from head comes.
Very kind person.
This is Kayla Moriarty.
Let's see.
Hey Jeff.
I'm in therapy.
Happy one of the episodes.
I'm so sorry.
I waited until the very last minute to get this to you.
It's just that I don't respect you at all.
She's very sweet.
Thank you so much for having me on the podcast.
I've had a lot of fun.
And I've never once walked away feeling completely
sacked in my energy or robbed of my time.
And you know, your host skills are really incredible.
I've never seen someone be able to bring together a random group of people so easily and so quickly.
United against you.
It's a skill that not a lot of people have.
Absolutely.
Like Elon Musk.
So congrats on that.
And you know, I'm looking forward to being back on the show and spending more time with you.
But you know, take care.
And all the best.
I don't want to be like Elon Musk.
No, no one should strive for that.
There's a lot of fans though.
Oh, that was nice.
I had a compliment.
Did I have a compliment?
The grudging.
He said, but.
Are there segments after this?
There's one there.
Okay.
But the one segment is to listen to everybody's voice.
It has to listen to.
But not to be on.
Right.
That's sort of the most thing.
I got an urgent invite.
Jake.
Because we thought you might not make it.
And so about how far before I got a call from Jeff saying, can you hop in?
And I did.
Wow.
So this is absolutely.
This is fully.
It is completely my fault.
I am so sorry.
Oh, please.
I'm happy to be here, Jake.
Let's do it.
Sorry, Griffin.
Well, one of our more recent guests.
Here's kind of enough the same way.
Hey, Jeffrey.
I can't believe you made it to 100 episodes.
I haven't the slightest idea.
Why the show is still a thing, considering it makes no sense whatsoever.
I recently got into some trouble.
And I can't disclose that on air.
But I am looking for some community service hours.
So if you could please give me a call, that'd be great.
Since obviously spending time with you is charity work.
Also congrats.
I guess.
Good one.
Shest call.
I think that's the best call.
That was perfect.
Yep.
That was a pro.
That was.
Jeff should have said, like, keep it 30 seconds or under.
No joke did this 100 episodes.
Yeah.
We did this exact same premise, but we told everyone try and keep it brief.
15 seconds 30 seconds.
That's what there's going to be a lot of responses.
Yes, exactly.
What we also did was we seeded them out throughout the episode.
So you got to go back to your guests and talk a little bit.
And there was like a little AV.
That's really good.
And that was really good actually.
But Jeff said, I want to take that same idea.
I lump it.
Yeah.
It's a lumpy.
It's a lumpy lumpy podcast.
We're stuck in the lump.
Let's face facts, guests, guests.
We're in the lump.
We're in the lump right now.
It's like lumpy mashed potatoes or something.
Those are good.
I mean, those are going to eat it.
You're just going to have it.
You just wish it was so smooth.
And so let's see.
Maybe they'll smooth itself out.
Jeff.
You're a lump.
It's a lump.
He's a lump.
That's funny.
What a no.
He's stuck.
You are a whale potato.
Jeffery, age, age, age, age.
It's all Jeffrey.
James.
You do this game, Johnny.
Some shine on that.
But we need to give him some more.
Johnny is so proud.
Yeah.
He's a really good.
It's a really good.
And everything he does, it's quality over quantity.
It's Johnny.
Johnny.
Johnny all day.
Jeff, no way, it's a lot of hard work.
I don't like you.
Because it's not fun to like just compare people.
Because there is no comparison.
But let's compare them for a second.
If Johnny hosted episodes 100 and 1 through 200,
let's just imagine what those episodes might be.
Polish, Polish, Polish.
Yeah, good.
Yeah.
Let's see what he did to be her trailer.
The trailer was incredible.
He put more.
I meant effort into that one second.
One more time and effort into that trailer than you have into 100 episodes.
Yeah.
When I checked in, I was in Thai as Thai well for this show.
That's true.
You missed it when he spilled.
Yes.
He spilled a lot.
And Johnny has a bit short sense of humor too.
Where it's almost like you can sit back with a glass of wine and just kind of enjoy his
natural and just as a boiled potato.
He's a big potato.
Yeah.
We're stuck in the lot.
We're stuck in the lump.
He's the lump.
Yeah.
Have we said boiled potato?
Spod is a good nickname.
Spud web, Spud James.
Spud.
Yeah.
He's just put in the office today.
That's good.
I know it would be like.
We're spud here.
Review review.
I was just a Spud in Ryan.
What?
Fuck you.
Keep walking.
Shit.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Are you really leaving?
There's three more.
Don't have to.
Go.
What do you think the segment will be?
What do you think the overrunner is on Jeffrey turning?
Oh, great.
60 seconds.
I would say.
He's in the hall right now dying.
Like he wants to be back on camera.
So bad.
Because he wants to.
Yeah.
And he doesn't want to do it instantly.
He has to be like a funny length of time.
Yeah.
But we are out of time at the same time.
Here's another question.
Does he return with some sort of new prop?
Oh, that's like this is going to.
He had this design where he was going to get mad enough.
Yeah.
That he was going to storm out.
He's going to have a big surprise for us.
Yeah.
I don't know if I call it a big surprise for he's probably going to bring back something.
It's not going to be super well thought out.
But I do think this was his intention.
Does I feel like I'd have to be here for when he comes back?
Because I know I've only been here for what was supposed to be half the show.
Yeah.
But I have been sitting here for 45 minutes.
And I feel like that's the full.
That's like the amount of time that committed to this.
Yeah.
I just started it at three.
I kind of have this an hour and 20 minutes.
Yeah.
I kind of have to pee.
I wonder if I should use this time now to go to the restroom.
Yeah.
What if we all left?
I feel like that's a bit of a power move.
Oh, you stormed off.
We could all storm off if you want.
Oh, that's fine.
I do kind of want to understand what's going to happen once a year.
Oh, it's really so bad.
Yeah.
I was back.
Damn.
I was very happy that everyone was drinking a beer.
I was so fucking.
He's drinking.
He's a peaceful thing.
He's a peaceful thing was sponsored fucking coffee for making it.
He's going to be able to play the next one.
He's going to be able to take a break.
No, there's no way.
Six fucking years have been working in some capacity with this company.
Let's play it in the next.
No, one second.
All I've been wet met with is fucking swimming up.
Swimming up.
Let me tell you something.
I've never danced it by the way.
He was working on this monologue all night last night, pacing in the beer.
I tweeted once.
Yeah.
And they gave me the brand and beer citizenship.
And guess what else?
Give you cash.
Sixty meters.
Fuck you.
Three t-shirts.
Oh.
And constant social media interaction.
My van.
Why are you at me?
Why are you at this?
What's that?
Sixty meters.
What?
That's five dozen.
You see Jeff typing the invoice, taking out $5,000 at entering $60.
Two racks against it.
Ram beer, Steve.
We're the fucking happy hour.
I paid for that.
Stop.
Fucking beer and play a clip.
It's one from me where you are.
I'm trying to beer and play a clip.
Anyway, this is Tom Higgs.
Jeff.
It is Mike.
The least one that's the guest on the show.
We're honored to have been asked to send you a voice memo for your 100th episode.
Truly, thank you for the opportunity.
Feel blessed.
100 episodes.
What a ride buddy.
I think I was on.
Instantly.
I just, I just can't imagine what it would have been like if I had been able to
guest all those times when you'd, when you'd reach out a couple days before
recording to ask if I wanted to do it.
And I'd say, yeah, when.
And then you'd not respond.
Or like when you'd slack me half an hour before recording and say,
oh, we had a guest cancel.
We need to fill a spot really quickly.
And I'd be like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, happy to jump on the show.
And then you actually does not respond.
Again.
Yeah.
You're back in LA now.
I just, I feel like that must be real blessing for the New York crew.
Just because they don't have to like see.
All the empty.
I drop containers that you just leave around the recording studio.
Yeah, I know now when I sit down on my workstation.
I really miss being faced with your bio contaminants trash.
Anyway.
I really don't know what to say.
100 episodes.
I can't imagine this has been good for your career.
My dog has more Instagram followers than you.
I was on this kid.
But this isn't embarrassing for you.
It's embarrassing for me.
I work at one of the most prestigious terrestrial radio programs in the world.
You're nothing.
Jeff, you're nothing.
I just need you to know this show means nothing at all.
This is, this is last thing.
This is sort of tangential, but like I stop getting royalty checks for the theme song.
Could you talk to Marty about that?
I tried to reach out on Slack to him, but like I think he blocked me.
Which I didn't, I didn't know that was the thing you could do.
Anyway, just stop doing the show.
It would probably be better for everybody.
Okay, thanks, bye.
I didn't realize that Mike was getting loyalty checks for the theme song.
Because I also played on the theme song.
So I feel like I didn't think he was.
I feel weird because I have been getting.
I've been caching the checks for what I think they go.
Both of your checks still go to the old office address.
And I'm able to just kind of.
That's okay.
That's not your fault.
I didn't eat this morning, sort of Chuck appeared.
You guys didn't keep talking.
Chuck appeared.
Chuck another one.
Chuck another one, Jeff.
Chuck another appeared.
I drove this man to just spend this here.
Chuck another beer.
The black cow.
Chuck a beer, dude.
It's 100.
That's really cool.
Grab a couple cans, it's in Chuck a mall.
Keep it 100.
You have 60.
All right, I.
This is crazy.
No therapy references by the way.
No therapy so far.
We have.
Three more.
Okay.
Chuck again for every.
Chuck a beer for every voice.
I'm just going to kind of be around my phone.
But you guys letting it over there.
Is that even good to do?
Yes.
I feel like it's just funny for you on the studio.
It's not going to be good for us.
Please, don't.
I won't do it.
Here we go.
I'm not going to be braised well all the way from down under.
Nice.
Australia.
Hey, Jeff.
It's a good braised well here from New Zealand.
New Zealand.
You said Australia.
I'm leaving you this me such because.
Now you borrowed that like $50 for me a few weeks ago.
You were like, I really, really need this.
I'm super.
It's really, really tough for me and you sort of sobbed a bit.
So I gave it to you.
But I'm going to need that back.
Not because I need it.
Like I'm doing pretty well.
Right.
Because I actually like to see you upset.
So yeah, like if you could just see that back.
Whenever there'd be dope.
Thanks.
That one was at least not rude to you.
It was not as good or something, but it just feels weird.
Because like I'm in a tough spot financially in terms of credit card debt.
And she has, um, she, she makes a lot of money.
So especially for New Zealand bucks.
Yeah.
So you just texted her.
Can I, I need 50.
Couldn't be someone who lives in a further time, though.
She feels like I know where I am.
Nobody else was up.
Okay.
Let's bring it home with two of my close personal friends.
Riley and Spawn and Zack done.
There we go.
Hi Jeff.
It's Riley.
Oh my god.
100 episodes of the headcom podcast.
I mean, congrats.
You guys.
Like this is such an achievement.
And I am so thrilled for all of you.
I mean, congratulations.
And if I could just share anything.
Jeff, you know, I, you are one of my best friends in this world.
I love you so much.
And I just want to give you the permission.
And to just drop the mask.
You don't need to try this hard.
You try so hard.
I mean, like in every area.
It's like, really, you're just like, you push to be seen as this.
And if I can say that.
I'm a progressive bubbly happy go lucky guy.
And I just want to give you permission to stop to slow down.
To just not force it.
You know, you force everything so hard.
And just like, just be, you know, you're enough.
And I know that you don't feel that way.
But honestly, like at the end of the day, you are enough.
So just stop.
Just stop.
You're pushing so hard.
And I actually think that pushing is pushing other people away.
Because they can feel how fake it is.
And feel how sad you are inside.
So just let that all go.
Let that all go and stop trying so hard.
Okay.
But happy 100 episodes.
Congrats, you guys.
Much love.
That one was trending.
I think it's a kind of like, excuse me, spirit.
It sort of boils everything down to like, oh, you have one problem.
And it's that you try too hard.
And otherwise, you'd be good.
But I take issue because I think you're, you know, fully bad.
I think you're subpar.
I think I'm not.
There's not.
I think there's not one thing that's keeping you from achieving greatness.
I think there are many things.
You're just starting with the opposite of a head start.
Jake, I think it's a good umbrella.
No, I think that it's a note that in all of his choices that he makes in life,
there's not one singular choice that is kind of like disrupting him in society.
It's not every choice.
I'm talking now.
It's that every choice is amplified to such a sweaty degree that it's just overwhelming in every realm.
So if he was able to just turn down to Riley's point is try hardness.
He might actually be much more palatable.
But I think there's something fundamentally wrong with his brain that makes you do that.
Well, it's not.
I want to go to the bottom of it because I'm starting to agree with you guys.
So what would you change?
I'm so beyond that.
I think you can't, you can't change.
I think all that can happen is that you can step out of the public sphere.
So no one has to that public eye.
Yeah, but I thought the eye has to have it.
It's being mean.
Well, listen to that last voicemail.
So I hear about go home.
Hey, Jeffrey.
This is Zack Dunn.
I just wanted to acknowledge you on a hundred episodes of the headgram podcast.
I'm a full disclosure.
I do currently have COVID.
No, no.
I guess I sort of wanted to say that I think it is your fault.
Now, if you look at sort of the rise of COVID,
it's basically coincided with the rise of this podcast.
No way.
Interesting.
It's my opinion that if you stopped doing the podcast,
probably COVID would stop in turn.
No.
And then maybe I wouldn't have gotten it.
I guess it's still entertaining.
So just something for you to stew on and think about a little bit.
As you consider ending this podcast for the good of humanity.
All right.
Thanks.
A lot of people want me to stop doing the show.
No more therapy mentions, though.
Yeah.
You're right.
Oh, there's a trending towards therapy.
Congrats.
Riley's.
You could argue that's 0.5.
You could might have hit the line.
Oh, a push.
But the bet was say the word therapy.
Yeah.
That was easy.
No, that was actually painfully hard.
I think that's a wrap.
On the big sugar sugar one zero zero.
We did good.
We did really good.
I think that's a that's a series wrap on the headgun podcast.
Thank you for your effort.
You still you still got review review.
And you are still an ampurecitor.
So that's.
To add brother.
All right.
You still an ampurecitor.
I got an email from Nargancitor in the show.
Yeah, you're not supposed to chuck them publicly like that.
That kind of is that Nargancitor was a New York beer.
You did.
I don't believe you know anything.
This is my God.
This is this is not how I wanted this to go.
But you know what?
That's every episode.
So I kind of resigned myself to this.
I think you guys were being on this.
I guess.
I mean, I don't know.
Billy did bond to the week.
What?
After all this.
You want to know who.
Who?
The guy for a gauge on the page.
Rage on.
I thought there was another segment.
I mean, I'm chill.
They're got a bottle of champagne and the gang's got out of here.
Jake needs to surf again, probably.
We got to go.
It's going to be on next week's episode.
If they're.
Well, no, you know what?
It won't go anywhere because I guess the show's over.
So there's no grand finale.
It's episode 100.
The audience wants some sort of big splashy.
Something.
Nothing.
Can you tell us what the next segment was going to be?
Do you want to know what the next segment was supposed to be?
Yeah.
Uh, I was going to try and dispense some wisdom.
We're going to do that.
Should we get a plugs?
No, let's go.
I want to hear the wisdom.
I want to hear the wisdom, Jeff.
It's episode 100.
We've all been mean to you.
People outside the studio has been mean to you.
Jesus.
He's been mean to us.
No.
This is the segment I like to leave.
Sun wise.
Jake.
Jake, I'm sorry.
So these are photos of sunrise and scene with like,
Brainy quote type things that I've sort of come up with.
To be wise.
So not sorry, not related to this.
He back that you got it all.
No.
Okay.
I thought the feedback would be nice job.
Continue to work.
And so I was like, let me just do a segment.
I would have a done either way.
Read books written by and for children.
Well, it's the next one.
That's the joke.
It's not a joke.
Wisdom.
Curiosity killed my cat.
She was interested in oncoming traffic.
That's pretty good.
Bosa.
It's a nice photo.
Knowing about the New York Yankees is the beginning of all wisdom.
That's not a good.
Wisdom is spelled wrong.
You know, some people like know,
bunch of niche baseball facts from like the 1890s.
Yeah.
You're just kind of scared.
You know about the rest of the world.
Let's clear.
Widsom.
Thank you.
Travel over family.
Sharing you.
OK, all right.
I mean, I disagree, but I can see my one would have this opinion.
You, too.
He who starts a company is the worst company.
Oh.
That ones pray funny.
In the be honest.
Speak one language.
Ideally stop next frame next.
You can see the point is to dream.
I'm still stuck in that last frame.
So much experience.
No, this is it.
Okay, great.
And the pool can sleep.
The point is to dream.
You're right.
That's up here, sounds.
Oh, obviously.
Keaton.
How do you learn a house?
Yeah.
I guess I have to learn the whole house.
As if to a truck and his footage on the editor's desk wasn't enough.
Now he has to blur a house for you.
There might have been a zoom at one point.
That doesn't help.
That's a mirror's home.
That's a good length of a segment.
Yeah.
That was the best segment.
All right.
Well, then I'm feeling a little bit better leading out.
Leaving this.
Wait, it is.
I like the whidsom.
Was that a joke?
That was a joke.
That was not a joke at all.
What's it?
That was the one I wrote these very fast.
Yeah.
That's every segment that you've ever planned.
So.
Well, you got to do one of these a week, man.
This sucks.
I will say that it was funny.
The type I was funny.
You're putting sunglasses back on.
Do it again for them put the sunglasses back on.
No, honestly, genuinely.
I know we were giving Jeff a hard time.
But the.
The type I was funny.
Why do you have voice change?
All right.
We made it.
I like the typo is all whidsom.
Is that like a weird jazz guy now?
Don't do that, though.
You're like Pino Paladino.
I guess you could say I'm the Lou Gehrig of knowing about Yankee Facts.
Nice.
And then I'm going to have a disease named.
Yeah.
He added the generative disease.
I don't know.
Something to think about.
Thanks for 100 episodes.
I hope we can continue doing it.
But we'll, I guess we'll talk right after this.
Oh, yeah.
Stick around.
I wanted to.
Another Yankee reference.
Touch base.
Yeah.
All sort of shit.
W slash R slash T.
Your employment here.
With regards to listen to.
Listen to XO Garzab King's senior separatives.
We'll have a video podcast.
When this comes out, subscribe to that channel.
School's awesome.
So I think the nation's gonna have a meal
because Tyson on this week, so wow.
Wow.
Because that's good.
Who will feel like science and stuff?
Yeah.
And that's a good part.
Hopefully, Carlos signs his car gets fixed
so that he can win the Grand Prix this weekend.
Vamos, William?
Yeah.
Now I'm getting excited because we're close to the meeting, Jake.
I don't even know if I have to be there.
I feel like it's, it's simple enough.
And buckets.
Oh, yes.
The playoff.
The buckets mean Billy's basketball podcast.
We're gonna fucking hit the ground running.
There's some really exciting basketball happening on right now.
So looking forward to talking about that.
And if you do want me and Johnny to host the upcoming 100 episodes
of the Headcom podcast, just let us know on socials.
Hashtag, maybe if we get something trending,
like hashtag, Billy and Johnny or something like that.
That's pretty good.
Hashtag, Billy and Johnny.
I guess it could kind of be like a dead and company thing
where it's like Jerry Garcia's dead, but it still lives on
and then his legacies furthered because of it.
So like, sure, you guys host it.
But you sort of like, further my legacies,
well, and I'll be gone.
Cool.
What?
That was a hit dumb original.